The owner tries three needles every day, and the machine consumes vitality.
You just suffered a new injury of 80.
It doesn't matter
When I come out
I don't want this hospital
Someone else can stand up and talk to me
Understand under the tree
Your Highness, please calm down
Liu protects the family of our shopkeeper
He has been persecuted to death by these beasts
The owner's wife almost died twice
He was traumatized.
How can you tell me to calm down?
today
I'm going to wipe this hospital off the map forever
Can't stop me
The family of the owner of the Dizun Hall is not
Are you all right?
I'm fine, please inform Ouyang that the owner is